RAPORT: Folosiri nume vechi în codebase
Data: Wed Oct 29 09:48:24 PM CET 2025
========================================

activities → crm_activities: 247 locations
apps/web/src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/types/index.ts
apps/web/src/modules/crm/components/common/CRMModuleLayout.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/crm/index.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/crm/pages/customers/CustomerDetailPage.tsx

customers → crm_customers: 312 locations
apps/web/src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/components/forms/DealForm.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/components/forms/QuoteForm.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/components/forms/OpportunityForm.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/components/layout/SalesModuleLayout.tsx

contacts → crm_contacts: 185 locations
apps/web/src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/hooks/useSalesApi.ts
apps/web/src/modules/sales/types/index.ts
apps/web/src/modules/crm/components/common/CRMModuleLayout.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/crm/index.tsx

pipelines → crm_pipelines: 97 locations
apps/web/src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/crm/components/common/CRMModuleLayout.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/crm/index.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/crm/pages/deals/index.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/crm/pages/pipelines/index.tsx

pipelineStages → crm_stages: 54 locations
apps/web/src/modules/sales/pages/pipeline/index.tsx
libs/crm/src/schema/crm.schema.ts
libs/crm/src/services/pipeline.service.ts
libs/crm/src/services/deal.service.ts

deals → crm_deals: 291 locations
apps/web/src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/components/forms/DealForm.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/components/layout/SalesModuleLayout.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/components/cards/DealCard.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/sales/components/tables/DealsTable.tsx

dealStageHistory → crm_stage_history: 33 locations
libs/crm/src/schema/crm.schema.ts
libs/crm/src/services/deal.service.ts

customerTags → crm_customer_tags: 9 locations
libs/crm/src/schema/crm.schema.ts

dealTags → crm_deal_tags: 9 locations
libs/crm/src/schema/crm.schema.ts

segments → crm_segments: 79 locations
apps/web/src/modules/crm/pages/customers/index.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/marketing/components/modals/ConfirmationModal.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/marketing/components/common/StatusBadge.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/marketing/index.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/marketing/hooks/useMarketingApi.ts

emailTemplates → crm_email_templates: 5 locations
libs/crm/src/schema/crm.schema.ts

employees → hr_employees: 263 locations
apps/web/src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/accounting/components/EmployeeSelectorDialog.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/components/dialogs/EmployeeDialog.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/components/modals/AbsenceFormModal.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/components/modals/EmployeeDetailsModal.tsx

employmentContracts → hr_employment_contracts: 73 locations
libs/hr/src/schema/hr.schema.ts
libs/hr/src/services/payroll.service.ts
libs/hr/src/services/contract.service.ts
libs/hr/src/services/absence.service.ts
libs/hr/src/services/revisal.service.ts

payrollLogs → hr_payroll_logs: 86 locations
libs/hr/src/schema/hr.schema.ts
libs/hr/src/services/payroll.service.ts

absences → hr_absences: 160 locations
apps/web/src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/components/layout/HrLayout.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/components/tables/ContractsTable.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/components/tables/EmployeesTable.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/index.tsx

departments → hr_departments: 142 locations
apps/web/src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/crm/pages/contacts/index.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/components/forms/EmployeeForm.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/components/forms/DepartmentForm.tsx
apps/web/src/modules/hr/components/layout/HrLayout.tsx

accountingLedgerEntries → accounting_ledger_entries: 80 locations
libs/accounting/src/schema/accounting.schema.ts
libs/accounting/src/controllers/metrics.controller.ts
libs/accounting/src/services/sales-journal.service.ts
libs/accounting/src/services/journal.service.ts

accountingLedgerLines → accounting_ledger_lines: 38 locations
libs/accounting/src/schema/accounting.schema.ts
libs/accounting/src/controllers/metrics.controller.ts
libs/accounting/src/services/sales-journal.service.ts
libs/accounting/src/services/journal.service.ts

ledgerEntries → ledger_entries: 72 locations
libs/accounting/src/schema/accounting.schema.ts
libs/accounting/src/controllers/journal.controller.ts
libs/accounting/src/services/general-journal-pdf.service.ts
libs/accounting/src/services/purchase-journal.service.ts
libs/accounting/src/services/note-contabil.service.ts

ledgerLines → ledger_lines: 129 locations
libs/accounting/src/schema/accounting.schema.ts
libs/accounting/src/controllers/journal.controller.ts
libs/accounting/src/controllers/metrics.controller.ts
libs/accounting/src/services/general-journal-pdf.service.ts
libs/accounting/src/services/cash-register.service.ts

